# Hackathon
Problem Statement:
Every year there is a growth in 5-10% of the sexual abuse cases which are reported, while there are many others who don't wish to talk about it, scared of people judging them. The increase could be due to various things like not having any idea about sex education, parents and teachers not teaching their sons and daughters due to cultural bias and other things.

Solution:
We would like to make an application having all the resources about sex education. The app would be a non-profit application. It would also contain an SOS technique which once used will provide us with the location of the emergency along with some bursts of pictures from the front as well as the rear camera showing what is happening. The application would also contain a place where people can post their dreadful experience of abuse anonymously, learn what forms of abuses happen and they can also support the victim. We plan to add in  facilities to hold in some protests and rallies in support of the victim. The application would also include the contact details of some known sex therapists of each and every different state allowing the victims to contact them for any help required.
We will be using Flutter to develop the application. We would also be using the web-scrapping techniques. We would also be using a Google's firebase to store all the data. The front-end of the application would be the platform where the victims talk about their dreadful experiences. There would also be another platform where the users can access the videos and article related to sex education which will be accessed from the Google's firebase database.
